add information about the automated cherry pick (#366)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/getting-started/code-review.md

    * Merge your pull request and delete the branch if not from a fork.
    * Note that the last core committer to approve your changes may do this on your behalf.
    * If your pull request depends on other pull requests, consider assigning the `Do Not Merge/Awaiting PR` label.

> 10. Handling cherry-picks, please check [here](https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/getting-started/branching/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. For handling cherry-picks, please check [here](https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/getting-started/branching/).
```

    * Note that the last core committer to approve your changes may do this on your behalf.
    * If your pull request depends on other pull requests, consider assigning the `Do Not Merge/Awaiting PR` label.

> 10. Handle any cherry-picks.

Reviewer 2: I would like to unify the two sources of truth. What do you think about merging the content from this file into `site/content/contribute/getting-started/branching.md` and link to it?

Reviewer 2: @cpanato What do you think about this?

Author: done

>     * If the PR have the `CherryPick/Approved` label and a milestone set, when the PR gets merged it will try to cherry pick the the appropriate release branch automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If the PR has the `CherryPick/Approved` label and a milestone set, it will try to get cherry-picked to the the appropriate release branch automatically when the PR gets merged.
```

>     * If the automated cherry pick pass, it will create a new PR with the cherry pick and will point the PR to the correct release branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If the automated cherry-pick passes, it will create a new PR with the cherry-pick and will point the PR to the correct release branch.
```

>     * If the PR need to go to other release branches you can run the command in the PR comments: `/cherry-pick release-x.yz` and it will try to cherry pick to the branch you specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If the PR need to go to other release branches, you can run the command `/cherry-pick release-x.yz` in the PR comments and it will try to cherry-pick it to the branch you specified.
```

>     * If fails the developer need to apply the cherry pick manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If the cherry-pick fails, the developer needs to apply the cherry-pick manually.
```

    * Cherry-pick the commit from `master` to the affected releases. See the steps below:

>     1. Run the check styles and tests.

Reviewer: Not sure if this should be "style checks"?

Author: we can change to check `lint`

>     1. Push your changes directly to the remote branch if check style and tests passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Push your changes directly to the remote branch if the check style and tests passed.
```

    * Merge the pull request, and delete the branch if not from a fork.
    * Some changes are spread out across multiple pull requests that should be merged at the same time. Look out for the `Do Not Merge/Awaiting PR` label. When in doubt, leave the merging of the pull request to the author.
5. Handle any cherry-picks.

>     * There is an automated cherry-pick process or the author of the pull request should handle cherry-picks. Assume this is the case unless you are explicitly asked to help cherry-pick.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * There is an automated cherry-pick process and the author of the pull request should make sure the cherry-pick succeeds. Assume this is the case unless you are explicitly asked to help cherry-pick.
```

    * Merge the pull request, and delete the branch if not from a fork.
    * Some changes are spread out across multiple pull requests that should be merged at the same time. Look out for the `Do Not Merge/Awaiting PR` label. When in doubt, leave the merging of the pull request to the author.
5. Handle any cherry-picks.

>     * There is an automated cherry pick process or the author of the pull request should handle cherry-picks. Assume this is the case unless you are explicitly asked to help cherry-pick.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * There is an automated cherry-pick process or the author of the pull request should handle cherry-picks. Assume this is the case unless you are explicitly asked to help cherry-pick.
```
